README {#mainpage}
====

LICENSE

 Copyright (C) 2020 Matthew Lee, National University
                         of Singapore <crazoter@gmail.com>


 Copyright (C) 2005-2015 Christian Kurtsiefer, National University
                         of Singapore <christian.kurtsiefer@gmail.com>

 This source code is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
 modify it under the terms of the GNU Public License as published 
 by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License,
 or (at your option) any later version.

 This source code is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 Please refer to the GNU Public License for more details.

 You should have received a copy of the GNU Public License along with
 this source code; if not, write to:
 Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

SUBDIRECTORIES

* errorcorrection (@subpage ec_readme)
    * error correction packet formats (@subpage ec_formats)
* hardware (@subpage hardware)
* packetheaders (@subpage filespec)
* remotecrypto (@subpage remotecrypto)
* scripts (@subpage scripts)
* timestamp3 (@subpage timestamp3)
* usbtimetagdriver (@subpage usbtimetagdriver)

OTHER FILES / SUBDIRECTORIES

* docs: Contains documentation generated by [Doxygen](doxygen.nl/)
* Doxyfile: Doxygen config file
* run_doxygen.sh: Helper bash script to run doxygen on linux. This will generate this documentation for you.

DISCLAIMER(S)
* Only the source code in the `errorcorrection` directory has been annotated for Doxygen. Your mileage may vary w.r.t. other components in terms of their doxygen documentation; best to refer to their source code.